June 7, 2022 - Day 1
Initial commmit.
Goal: Finish the UI today.
Result: Far from finished.
Time: 4.62 hours

June 8, 2022 - Day 2
Goal: Finish the UI today. For real.
Result: Almost done, but I realized there is still a modal. Maybe it's about 70%.
Also, it took me a long time trying to figure out the optimal design the nesting with consistent 16px gaps. Also the indicator line. Well, it turns out that flex is the way.
Time: 5.93 hours

June 9, 2022 - Day 3
Goal: Finish the UI today. For real.
Result: Almost done. There is still the media queries to worry about. I was not able to code much because of certain engagements. I finished the hover and focus states, the modal design, refinements of some fonts and margins, finished other grid layouts. The last thing, I think, is the media query for desktop, and I'm ready to move to JavaScript part.
I also learned some tricks about svg because I needed to modify the hover and focus states of some svg images. I learned that this can easily be done by optimizing the svg first, then adding the code as inline svg. However, this can be really messy in code, so there are certain tricks to help. For example, adding the svg code using php. There is also the object tag. I bookmarked the links in the browser. Check it.
Time: 4.15 hours

June 10, 2022 - Day 4
Background: Alright. I checked the UI, and there are still many things to do for the UI, like reply forms.
Result: Still need to finish the Update Comment form layout. Too many layout! I was not able to code much?
Time: 5.33 hours

June 11, 2022  - Day 5
Result: I think the UI is finished. Yay! Well, I had some html structuring on the UI, particularly on the edit comment form. Initially I used a form tag, but then the initial structure of the comment box can be easily used for the edit comment form. So I scrapped the form tag, and added some handy classes to handle the situation. It turned out much cleaner!
Time: 3.67 hours

June 13, 2022
Goal: 
Understand the methods of fetching data. If I work on a web-based environment (thanks to Live Server extension), I can easily use the fetch() method. However, I am not sure if I can use localStorage with that.
If I work on a local environment, it will be difficult to do the file handling, but I can use localStorage for that. Let's see.
When data is already loaded, I need to organize it properly to appear on the screen. Alright.
Result:
I learned some quirks in localStorage. Seems like it works best for Firefox. I also was able to create a sample create function. I still need refinement.

June 14, 2022
Goal:
Need to fetch and create post.
Result:
The script can now fetch data. Now, I need a way to read comments and show them on screen.

June 15, 2022
Result: I can already read the comments and show them on screen. Up next, I am gonna fix the structure of the comment content, form, and replies. I already figured it out on my notebook. Let's go!

June 17, 2022 - NEED TO FINISH THIS.